e2image: add page (#4795)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/e2image.md

# e2image

> Save critical ext2/ext3/ext4 filesystem metadata to a file.
> More information: <https://linux.die.net/man/8/e2image>.

> - Save metadata located on device to the specified file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Write metadata located on device to a specific file:
```

> `e2image {{/dev/sdXN}} {{path/to/file}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`e2image {{/dev/sdXN}} {{path/to/image_file}}`
```

> `e2image {{/dev/sdXN}} {{path/to/image-file}}`

Reviewer: The variable names should be in `snake_case`, so it should be `image_file` but I think just `file` is enough. What do you think?
```suggestion
`e2image {{/dev/sdXN}} {{path/to/file}}`
```

- Print metadata located on device to `stdout`:

`e2image {{/dev/sdXN}} -`

- Restore the filesystem metadata back to the device:

> `e2image -I {{/dev/sdXN}} {{path/to/image-file}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`e2image -I {{/dev/sdXN}} {{path/to/file}}`
```

Reviewer 2: Or even
```suggestion
`e2image -I {{/dev/sdXN}} {{path/to/image_file}}`
```

- Create a large raw sparse file with metadata at proper offsets:

> `e2image -r {{/dev/sdXN}} {{path/to/image-file}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`e2image -r {{/dev/sdXN}} {{path/to/file}}`
```

Reviewer 2: Or even
```suggestion
`e2image -r {{/dev/sdXN}} {{path/to/image_file}}`
```

- Ceate a QCOW2 image file instead of a normal or raw image file:

> `e2image -Q {{/dev/sdXN}} {{path/to/image-file}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`e2image -Q {{/dev/sdXN}} {{path/to/file}}`
```

Reviewer 2: Or even 
```suggestion
`e2image -Q {{/dev/sdXN}} {{path/to/image_file}}`
```
